Creating digital services requires a number of different
components. These components may look simple,
but it takes a lot of time to develop,
test and maintain a robust and scalable system.
The components should work on both different devices,
screen sizes and with various accessibility aids .
Nailing all the accessibility details takes time from
product development that you could spend on more unique
issues. Fortunately, we do not need to make these
components several times.
They can be created once centrally and put to use in
various services, websites and applications.
Building on top of the design system's components will
save you time and money, allowing you to make better
products faster.
The building blocks are ready for use.
They can be customized and assembled as needed.
To bring out your own sender identity,
you can use your own theme.
You can get help setting up themes in the design system's
theme builder, which ensures good contrast between text
color and background color.
When the same components of the
patterns are applied across,
we create recognizability in
the services. This will make it easier for everyone to get
what they need. If users understand how something works in
a service, such as filling out a form,
it is best that the next form that meets them works the
same way. On designsystemet.no you will find what you need
to get started. D o you want to join the collaboration?
The design system is under development across several
actors, and it is already in use in many different
solutions. We also work to establish common patterns
across in collaboration with others.
Get in touch if your organization wants to participate in
the development or collaborate on patterns.